# README

This file gives an overview of this coding project and how it is organized.

**Table of Contents:**

- [README](#readme)
  - [Purpose](#purpose)
  - [Structure](#structure)
  - [File Organization](#file-organization)

## Purpose

The purpose of the program is to...

## Structure

The program is written predominantly in R. Not all files are published publicly.

## File Organization

- `.gitignore`
  - File with instructions of what not to make public (not public).
- `00_readme/00_readme.md`
  - `00_readme.md`
    - The file you are currently reading.
  - `00_readme.pdf`
    - The same as a pdf for easier viewing.
  - `01_initializing_git.md`
    - File for instructing how to initialize the git repo.
  - `Initializing git.pdf`
    - The same as a pdf for easier viewing.
- `01_file_organization.pptx`
  - A powerpoint to visualize the dendrogram of the file structure (in planning).
- `02_ws.code-workspace`
  - VS code workspace (not public).
- `03_batch_program.r`
  - Running this program will run all other scripts, process the data, and output it to the target files.  
- `04_my_fxns_this_project.r`
  - Contains functions written specific for this project (not public).  
- `05_scripts/`
  - Contains the scripts run by `01_batch_program.r`.
    - `<>.r`
      - Description of specific program...
- `06_inputs/`
  - Contains the files containing data used by the scripts (not public).  
- `07_outputs/`
  - Contains the files newly generated by the scripts.
    - `<>`
      - Description of specific output file...
- `08_logs/`
  - Contains logs of when `01_batch_program.r` was executed (not public - in planning).  
